BYOVPC for AWS (#12)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/get-started/pages/cluster-types/byoc/vpc-byo-aws.adoc

  }
  statement {
    effect = "Allow"
    actions = [
      "ec2:RunInstances",
    ]
    resources = [
      "arn:aws:ec2:*:${local.aws_account_id}:instance/*",
      "arn:aws:ec2:*:${local.aws_account_id}:network-interface/*",
      "arn:aws:ec2:*:${local.aws_account_id}:volume/*",
    ]
    condition {
      test     = "StringEquals"
      variable = "aws:RequestTag/redpanda-managed"
      values = [
        "true",
      ]
    }
    dynamic "condition" {
      for_each = var.organization_id != "" ? [var.organization_id] : []
      content {
        test     = "StringEquals"
        values   = [condition.value]
        variable = "aws:RequestTag/redpanda-org"
      }
    }
  }
}
resource "aws_iam_policy" "byovpc_rpk_user" {
  for_each = {
    "1" = data.aws_iam_policy_document.byovpc_rpk_user_1,
    "2" = data.aws_iam_policy_document.byovpc_rpk_user_2,
  }
  name_prefix = "byovpc-rpk-user-${each.key}_"
  path        = "/"
  description = "Minimum permissions required for rpk user for BYO VPC"
  policy      = each.value.json
}
```
====

== Limitations

> * Existing clusters cannot be moved to a customer-managed VPC.
> * After creating a cluster with a customer-managed VPC, you cannot change to a different VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You cannot move existing clusters to a customer-managed VPC.
* You cannot change to a different VPC after creating a cluster with a customer-managed VPC.
```

== Configure your VPC

> Terraform modules contain the specifications for the required resources. Terraform creates the following resources and outputs ARN values necessary in later steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform modules contain the specifications for the required resources. Terraform creates the following resources and outputs ARN values necessary in later steps:
```
